### Outset Essay: A Pound Of Flesh\par
On setting out on this project, my process has been to pay close attention to the arising questions that come from creating an intersection between two distinct fields of concern:-\par
1. A key focus is the strengths and shortcomings of technological approaches to autonomy and agency: namely how machine learning & data analysis models can or cannot function as a poetic substitution for true agency, and how much we as a culture are hoping they will. Is this a natural extension of the anthropomorphisising tendencies we display so very often when it comes to inanimate objects -- an attempt to see meaningful systems of relation where there may not be any.\par
2. A focus on the personal cost of art and data. How much do we value our own data? How threatened do we feel by automated systems, and how much are we willing to trust them? Given a concious choice, how do we evaluate the relative risk/reward price of non-monetary, none traditional economic situations? Does the invoked agency of an inanimate system increase or decrease our apprehensions? I do not really intend to find a real answer to these questions, but rather to problematise them as eloquently as possible.\par
Given these two sets of concerns, the artwork itself should probably reflect as much of this as possible. The initimate personal nature of both sets leads me to the use of zines - an intimate and relational medium. Zines are so often as much about their author as the reader. They are made with love and read with love. What crafts this fondness? Can a computer create something cherishable? \par
In some ways the project is like an interview, where one party may seek to find a juicey secret and the other seeks not to be exposed and humiliated inadvertantly. The interviewee spends a lot of time trying to anticipate the interviewers hidden motives. But in order to produce a compelling interview, both parties must reach an equilibrium and a place of comfort and trust.\par
Causing the reciever of the piece to invest in the project (by taking a risk, by opening up) I seek to make the project more evocative of these concerns. The more the participant invests, the better the zine they recieve and the project will be less easy to walk away from, it will engage more strongly even if it engages fewer people. Most will opt out, but that is fine. After all, the zine scene is a niche subculture. It lives on through passion and dedication, and as such repels apathy and disinterest dispite its awkward and total lack of economic viability./par
